---
title: "2017"
date: 2018-01-02T08:24:38-08:00
draft: false
---

## 2017

Probably my favorite year thus far, 2017 was jam packed with friends, adventure, and new experiences.
I'm left feeling extremely grateful for the people and places that surround me.

Here's a quick recap and list of books I read over the past year.

* **Work** I kicked off the year with a new job, at a new company, working 100% remote. This proved both challenging
and rewarding and pushed me to improve my communication and organization skills.

* **Climbing** The year of outdoor climbing! I climbed my first multipitch and then a dozen more,
wrapping up the season on Sisyphus (5.11a), 10 pitches and 1,000ft in Mazama's Methow valley. This
sport has taught me so much about myself. I've already begun setting goals for the coming year.

* **Snowboarding** Went on my first back country snowboarding trip in Colorado's Rocky mountains. I was humbled by the physical
demands and stunned by the stillness.

* **Surfing** This had been on the list for as long as I can remember and was pretty much
the only board sport I hadn't tried. I was surprised at how hard it was, both mentally and physically,
and look forward to progressing in 2018.

### Books

* Men Explain Things to Me by Rebecca Solnit
* A Field Guide to Getting Lost by Rebecca Solnit
* The Faraway Nearby by Rebecca Solnit
* Player Piano by Kurt Vonnegut
* Good Omens by Neil Gaiman
* The Autobiography of Malcolm X by Alex Hayley
* Alone on the Wall by Alex Honnold
* The Subtle Art of Not Giving a Fuck by Mark Manson
* Nature and Selected Essays by Ralph Waldo Emerson
* Ready Player One by Ernest Cline
* How to Calculate Quickly by Henry Sticker
* Feet in the Clouds by Richard Askwith
